# Cassette

Cassette is a Python program designed to create 30-second explanatory videos suitable for Instagram Reels or YouTube Shorts. It offers multiple customization options for creating personalized videos. The program utilizes various APIs and libraries, including GPT-3.5-turbo model for transcript generation, AssemblyAI API for subtitle generation, UnrealSpeech API for voiceover generation, and ffmpeg along with moviepy for video editing.

Also, you may call this a indirect **free** python interpretation of [Brainrot.js](https://www.brainrotjs.com/) (Also an inspiration)

Example : [Generated By Cassatte ~>]()

## Before Execution

Before running Cassette, follow these steps:

1. **Sign Up at AssemblyAI and UnrealSpeech**: Visit [AssemblyAI](https://www.assemblyai.com/) and [UnrealSpeech](https://unrealspeech.com/) to create accounts. Replace the variables `assembly_ai_api` and `urs_api` in the code with your respective API keys.

2. **Quick Setup**: Ensure that Python and pip are installed on your system. Then open a terminal in the directory where 'main.py' is located and run `python3 setup.py` then `python3 main.py`
    if you are on windows, just use `python` instead of `python3`

3. **Install Dependencies**: Ensure that Python and pip are installed on your system. Install additional dependencies by running:
    ```bash
    sudo apt-get install -y python3-dev libasound2-dev ffmpeg
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```


4. **Install Font**: The program uses the "Permanent Marker" font located in the `./assets/` directory. Make sure to install it on your system before proceeding.



## Customisation Options

1. **Background Music Options**: Cassette allows you to add background music to your videos. Choose one of the following options:
    - Minecraft (press 1)
    - Subwoofer Lullaby (press 2)
    - Other (press 3)

2. **Choose a Voice**: Select a voice for the voiceover generation:
    - Dan: Young Male (press 1)
    - Will: Mature Male (press 2)
    - Scarlett: Young Female (press 3)
    - Liv: Young Female (press 4)
    - Amy: Mature Female (press 5)

3. **Choose a Background Game**: Decide on the background game for your video:
    - Minecraft (press 1)
    - GTAV (press 2)
    - Forza Horizon 5 (press 3)

4. **Choose a Character Image**: Lastly, choose a character image for your video:
    - Denn (press 1)
    - Jed (press 2)
    - Jess (press 3)
    - K-11 (press 4)
    - Kee (press 5)
    - Kell (press 6)
    - Ron (press 7)

Once these steps are completed, you can execute Cassette to generate your customized 30-second explanatory videos. Enjoy creating engaging content with Cassette!


##common problems/errors :
- dependencies are not resolved
- unrealspeech free tier API limit exeeded (250000 chars / 6 hrs cap on API) 
- g4f not responding to API calls (common)
- Correct options not chosen
